---
title: 'Hello World!'
date: 2025-06-13
permalink: /posts/2013/11/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - blog posts
---

Hello everyone, this is my first post on this blog, actually it is my first post in general. There are many things I want to say, but I will state that this post will not contain anything technical or theoretical. As it will talk about me, I will also share anything interesting with you. In fact, I do it more for myself because I feel the need.

What will this post contain?
- Who am I
- What is this site
- Conclusion

<span style="color: #ce2323">Who am I</span>
======
My name is Flavio Campobasso, I’m from Rome, Italy, and I’m 23 years old. I have a bachelor's degree in computer engineering and currently studying for a master’s degree in software engineering at the University of Rome Tor Vergata. I am a guy with many, and I mean a lot of, passions that I can barely manage, but I think it’s a nice thing. I've always had a passion for science and a strong desire to become an engineer, although, to be honest, what fascinated me the most was Tony Stark from Iron Man 😂. 

My educational path closely aligned with what I later chose to pursue at university, but I attribute 60% of it to luck and 40% to intuition, so scientific high school with applied sciences (computer science instead of Latin). I've always been someone who can't sit still. After school, I would head to the park or engage in various activities like basketball, theater, football, swimming, and more.

I’m a very ambitious and disciplined person (I don’t use the word 'motivated' because I find it a bit of a scam, but maybe we’ll discuss that in another post 🙃). In a professional setting, I’m also very serious but in the limit of course.

<span style="color: #ce2323">What is this site</span>
======

The reason I opened this site is actually quite simple, that is I always liked the idea of having a personal site, made by me, where I could share my story, my ideas, my works and my passions. I also believe that a personal site for a software/computer engineer is much more valid than a simple paper CV, not that even more fun of course. Not only that, I opened this site with the hope that it will motivate me more for study, in fact, because one of the things I want to do is share paper/technical post about what I like or what I learn at my uni, I hope it helps me deepen things that I often can’t. 

But that’s not all, I open this site also to share my passions, which as I said are many (eg tv series, movies, anime, manga, books, computer products, software products, personal finance etc etc).
The objectives are multiple:

1. **share my passions**, in the hope that doing so I can also manage them better 🤞.
2. **share technical knowledge**, so that the community of software engineers can be increased 🤓.
3. **Improve my English** 😁.

I want to clarify that, while I enjoy writing articles and sharing my passions with you, *I’m not sure how consistent I’ll be with publishing*. Therefore, I’ll refrain from committing to a specific publication schedule, as I prefer to post only when I feel there’s something valuable to share with you.

**NOTE**: The site is still under development, so it’s likely that at the time of publishing this article, there will still be aspects of the site to finish or improve, not to mention errors. If you notice anything wrong on the site, which I remind you has the public source code on my GitHub profile, please feel free to point it out in any way (e.g., via email).


<span style="color: #ce2323">Conclusions</span>
=====
I’ll conclude by thanking those who made it this far, and since I find this article a bit boring, I’m sharing some links that I think are interesting, just for fun. 
See you soon!

**Some interesting links**:
- "How To Work Hard" by Paul Graham (blog article): https://www.paulgraham.com/hwh.html
- "Tools Of Titans" by Tim ferris (book): https://www.amazon.it/Tools-Titans-Billionaires-World-Class-Performers/dp/1328683788
- "Sapiens" by Yuval Noah Harari (book) https://www.amazon.it/Sapiens-History-Humankind-multi-million-bestseller/dp/0099590085
- "Foundetion Trilogy" by Isaac Asimov (science fiction novel): https://www.amazon.it/Foundation-Trilogy-Isaac-Asimov/dp/184159332X

